fdupes: add delete and noprompt examples, add French translation (#5231)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/fdupes.md

`fdupes {{directory1}} {{directory2}}`

- Search a directory recursively:

`fdupes -r {{directory}}`

- Search multiple directories, one recursively:

`fdupes {{directory1}} -R {{directory2}}`

> - Search recursively and prompt for file to preserve, deleting all other duplicates:

Reviewer: The current sentence doesn't read well.  Does this seem right?
```suggestion
- Search recursively for duplicates and display interactive prompt to pick which ones to keep, deleting the others:
```
